12 April 2024
	Node post-processing code moved to utils.py and applied to both
	"summary" and "monitor" modes

9 April 2024
	Implement two working modes:
	  * "summary": single-shot run that queries the API and generates
	    a result summary (what we've been doing so far)
	  * "monitor": permanent process that waits for API events of a
	    certain type and characteristics and generates an individual
	    report for every one of them.
	Each preset defines in which mode it'll work in the
	metadata['action'] parameter.

	HTML output files now embed the css code and the original main.css
	file is no longer deployed individually in the output dir.

	New command-line option added: --config-dir.

	--config option renamed as --config-file.

3 April 2024
	Rework the command-line options to specify the date parameters in
	queries:
	  * --created-from: results created since a specific date and time
	  * --created-to: results created until a specific date and time
	  * --last-updated-from: results last updated since a specific
	    date and time
	  * --last-updated-to: results last updated until a specific date
	    and time
	They all take a timestamp with format: YYYY-mm-DDTHH:MM:SS. Time
	is optional.

	New command-line option to allow the specification of extra query
	parameters: --query-params. The parameters must be given in a
	string formatted like this: "<paramX>=<valueX>,<paramY>=<valueY>..."
	These parameters may override base parameters defined in the
	presets.

	This CHANGELOG moved to doc/result-summary-CHANGELOG

2 April 2024
	Improve performance by fetching logs from each job in parallel with
	ThreadPoolExecutor.

	A regression can now be "active" (when the test hasn't passed
	since the regression was created) or "inactive" (when a test run
	has passed since it was created). This is encoded in the "result"
	field of a regression: result="fail" for "active" regressions and
	"pass" for "inactive" ones.

	Each regression now stores a list of test runs that ran after the
	regression was detected. For inactive regressions, it stores up to
	(and including) the first test run that passed after the
	regression was created.

	Generic regression templates updated to print this new
	information.

25 March 2024
	Add support for a "metadata" section in the preset definitions. Each
	preset now contains a "metadata" section and a "preset" section,
	which contains the query parameters.

	All current examples now use the same set of generic templates.

	Preset-specific customizations, such as the report title, are now
	defined in the "metadata" sections.

	Preset-template association is no longer done via soft-links. Each
	preset defines the template it uses in its "metadata.template"
	field.

	Each preset may now define its default output file name in the
	"metadata.output" field. This can be overriden with the --output
	command line option.

	Documentation updated and this CHANGELOG file added.
